Download First IB Checking transactions to CSV: 
  On Account History page, select Interest Checking account
  Enter the desired date range
  Click the "Export" link
  Choose "Excel (.csv)" for export format 
  Click the "Export" button
  Save file to My Documents\Financial with a unique filename (e.g. FirstIB_2011.csv)
Download First IB Bill Payment history to CSV:
  Select PAY BILLS on the menu.
  Click View Payment History at the top of the My Payments pane.
  Select the desired date range.
  Click Advanced 
  Uncheck every status except Complete
  Click Apply filter
  Click Download Payments
  Save file to My Documents\Financial with a unique filename (e.g. bill payment 2011.csv)

Type checks into Word document with tabs. See Checks2011.docx. Save as a txt file.

Discover card transactions:
  Under the Activities & Payments menu, select the Search Transactions.
  In Date dropdown select Date Range.
  Enter the desired date range
  Click Search
  Click Download
  Save as CSV to My Documents\Financial with a unique filename (e.g. discover_2011.csv)

Chase AmazonPrime Visa 
  Click the download arrow
  Choose the account
  Choose the file type. CSV (Both CSV and QIF are possibilities right now)
  Activity: Choose "Choose a date range:
  Enter date range
  Click Download
  Save file to My Documents\Financial with a unique filename (e.g. ChaseAmazonPrimeVisa_2018.CSV)
 
citi.com Costco Visa
  Under Transactions, enter date range in Time Period
  Click Load more transactinos until they're all loaded
  Click Export
  Select CSV
  Click Export
  Save file to My Documents\Financial with a unique filename (e.g. citiCostcoVisa_2018.CSV)
  
  
Run C:\Delphi projects\FirstIB2Quicken\Banks2Quicken.exe

NOTE: If you need to save your work at any time, you can click Write QIF file to save your work. To read the file back in select File->Read->Checking select *.qif in the Files of type dropdown and select your file.

Select File->Read->Checking and select the First IB Checking transactions file
Click "Clean'em up"
Click Trans No column heading to sort transaction ascending by date
Select File->Read->Checkbook and select the First IB checkbook file
Drag each check over to its corresponding checking account transaction

If there was a "Carryover bill payment" transactions file from the previous year, select File->Read->Bill payment to read this file and process.

Select File->Read->Bill payment and select the First IB Bill Payment history file
Click Date column heading to sort bill payment transactions ascending by date
Drag each bill payment over to its corresponding checking account transaction

Assign Category to as many transactions as possible.
Click Write QIF file. Enter a filename for QIF file. (e.g., FirstIB_2011.QIF)

If there was any bill payment transactions left over from the end of the year, make a copy of the First IB Bill Payment history file. Edit the file and delete all transactions except for the remaining ones. Save this copy with a unique filename (e.g., Carryover bill payment 2011.csv)

Select File->Read->Discover and select the Discover card transactions file
Assign Category to as many transactions as possible.
Select File->Write QIF. Enter a filename for QIF file. (e.g., Discover_2011.QIF)

Process Chase AmazonPrime Visa and citi.com Costco Visa in a similar fashion.

Import QIF files into Quicken, each into its corresponding account.  
  Select File - Import - QIF file
  Select Quicken Account to Import into
  Select QIF file to Import
  Click OK
  Right click on a transaction and select "Make All Transactions New"
  Click Accept All


